README.md, before:

Overwatch is a fps (first person shooter) where players control one of several heroes in competitive 6-person team shooting matches. 
From my personal experience, and in my opinion, in any competitive fps, to succeed at the game at the highest level, two traits a player must have are mechanical skill and game knowledge. The purpose of this project is to help players expand their game knowledge by enabling players to see the damage capabilities of each hero in the game, 
and test what abilities it would take to kill any other hero in the game. Knowledge of how much damage it takes to kill another hero is very important, 
especially when playing a mechanically intensive hero such as “Genji” or “Widowmaker;”  this project hopes to share this knowledge with players 
(who would normally have to figure out this information manually). The project was created with JS,HTML, CSS, and React. Data from the project was gathered from
in game testing, overwatch.gamepedia.com, and overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Overwatch_Wiki.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with link to web app

README.md, after:

Overwatch is a fps (first person shooter) where players control one of several heroes in competitive 6-person team shooting matches.
From my personal experience, and in my opinion, in any competitive fps, to succeed at the game at the highest level, two traits a player must have are mechanical skill and game knowledge. The purpose of this project is to help players expand their game knowledge by enabling players to see the damage capabilities of each hero in the game,
and test what abilities it would take to kill any other hero in the game. Knowledge of how much damage it takes to kill another hero is very important,
especially when playing a mechanically intensive hero such as “Genji” or “Widowmaker;” this project hopes to share this knowledge with players
(who would normally have to figure out this information manually). The project was created with JS,HTML, CSS, and React. Data from the project was gathered from
in game testing, overwatch.gamepedia.com, and overwatch.fandom.com/wiki/Overwatch_Wiki. A link to the website can be found here: https://d2koverwatch.netlify.com/
